good in this exercise we will teach you
how to edit the windows registry
using the action reedit
in that case we will teach you how
restrict access to the control panel
and also prevent turning off restart their
sources hibernate the operating system
and activate or deactivate the aero
windows 7 the aero windows 7 would come
being the options of transparency and
the system
well, first of all we will start
summarized the advisor control panel for
that we have to go first
start in digital ready run
what is the option for registration
let's cut the option of quitting
and we unfold we go to the folder of
software
we unfold it and we go to the
microsoft folder
we take off and go to the folder
from windows
where will we also hit
and we place in the folder run vision
version we deploy and place a
police folder once deploying this
part the bolis card appears the
flower folder
once we are located in the folder of
flowers
we shouted
a new value or a new attribute to the
binder
which is named
troll
well in English
once we have the grid the value
It is an attribute for prophet explorer
we add a value to the attribute
and we add
being one
being one the value
to disable in this case restrict the
access to the control panel and being zero
the value to activate then as
we need to restrict access to
control panel we visit the value 1
where are we going to accept
once having the contour attribute already
bread with its respective control panel with
its respective value
we went to restart the system
operative
close the session once we restart the
new operating system and we start the
negotiation
kellogg